c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\FastPing.exe.config
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\FastPing.exe
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\FastPing.pdb
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing.g.resources
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing.exe
c:\users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing.pdb
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\obj\Debug\FastPing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kou\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastPing\FastPing\bin\Debug\ShowMeTheXAML.dll
